Don't fuck with cats.
You don't talk about /b/. 
You DON'T talk about /b/.
We are Anonymous. 
We are legion. 
We do not forgive, we do not forget. 
Anonymous can be a horrible, senseless, uncaring monster. 
Anonymous is still able to deliver. 
There are no real rules about posting. 
There are no real rules about moderation either — enjoy your ban. 
/b/ is not your personal army. 
No matter how much you love debating, keep in mind that no one on the internet debates. Instead they mock your intelligence as well as your parents. 
Anything you say can and will be used against you. 
Anything you say can and will be turned into something else. 
Do not argue with trolls — it means they win. 
The harder you try, the harder you will fail. 
If you fail in epic proportions, it may just become a winning failure. 
Every win fails eventually. 
Everything that can be labelled can be hated. 
The more you hate it, the stronger it gets. 
Nothing is to be taken seriously.







On the internet men are men, women are also men, and kids are undercover FBI agents. 
Girls do not exist on the internet. 
Tits or GTFO - the choice is yours. 
You must have pictures to prove your statements/Anything can be explained with a picture. 
Lurk more — it's never enough. 
If it exists, there is porn of it. No exceptions.
If there is no porn of it, porn will be made of it.
No matter how fucked up it is, there is always worse than what you just saw.
You cannot divide by zero (just because the calculator says so) 
No real limits of any kind apply here — not even the sky. 
CAPS LOCK IS CRUISE CONTROL FOR COOL 
EVEN WITH CRUISE CONTROL YOU STILL HAVE TO STEER 
Desu isn't funny. Seriously guys. It's worse than Chuck Norris jokes.note  
Nothing is Sacred. 
The more beautiful and pure a thing is — the more satisfying it is to corrupt it.
If it exists, there is a version of it for your fandom... and it has a wiki and possibly a tabletop version with a theme song performed by a Vocaloid.
When one sees a lion, one must get in the car. 
The internet is SERIOUS FUCKING BUSINESS. 
The pool is always closed. 
The only good hentai is Yuri, that's how the internet works. Only exception may be Vanilla. note 
No matter what it is, it is somebody's fetish.
A Crossover, no matter how improbable, will eventually happen in Fan Art, Fan Fiction, or official release material, often through fanfiction of it.
Chuck Norris is the exception, no exceptions.
It has been cracked and pirated. You can find anything if you look long enough.
For every given male character, there is a female version of that character (and vice-versa). And there is always porn of that character.
If it exists, there's an AU of it.
If there isn't, there will be.
Everything has a fandom, everything.
90% of fanfiction is the stuff of nightmares.
Do not talk about the 100M GET failure. 
If a song exists, there's a Megalovania version of it.
The Internet makes you stupid.